{

"Lines": [
        "I think I’d do amazingly on a spaceship.",
        "I’m good under tough, pressure situations like that.",
        "Shields down? No problem. Airlock broken? I got it. Morale lost? Not with me around. Yeah, I’d be a great captain.",
        "God, stacy Starbright is so cool.",
        "Imagine having your awesomeness immortalized forever on a poster.",
        "Stacey Starbright’s never gonna wake up feeling halfway between life and death, or worrying about school.",
        "She’s just gonna keep rocking out in the cosmos, fighting dork ass space pirates and looking rad as fuck. Sigh…",
        "I swear, every day I lose a new sock. Is there a mouse stealing my socks at night?",
        "Wait, that’s actually kind of cute. What if they use them to make little cushions in their hidey holes?", 
        "Ok, if that’s what’s happening, that’s ok, anything else is unacceptable.",
        "Jenny said she would teach me to do a kickflip. Maybe someday…",
        "Easiest $5 I’ve ever spent.",
        "Just have to remember not to touch it when it’s on. On the bright side, if I ever fall into a life of crime, I’ll have a way to burn off my fingertips.",
        "I’m so flaky. I say to myself that I want to learn music, then I buy a guitar before I’ve given it a second thought.",
        "When was the last time I touched this? May? Of what year?",
        "Maybe today will finally be the day that I kill my twitter account.",
        "There’s literally nothing there but misery and bad people…and that one account that posts frogs…maybe it isn’t all bad.",
        "I remember taking this photo right after the accident. Mom was so insistent we needed to “update” the house, that it needed “redecorating.”,
        "I wish we could have any photos from before. I wish mom would just talk…",
        "I really should do something about these flowers. It’s not like anyone else will…",
        "I remember taking Jenny to this concert. I thought this was her first live show, but she jumped into the pit like she was a pro.",
        "Oh god, I remember her sneaking off from me and somehow getting drinks. She didn’t even have a fake, how did she do that?
        "…",
        "I guess there are a lot of things I never knew about Jenny.",
"
	

    ]

}